Update Experiment PHP docs with assignment tracking (#92)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/experiment/sdks/php-sdk.md

???config "Configuration Options"

    **LocalEvaluationConfig**

    | <div class="big-column">Name</div> | Description | Default Value |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | `debug` | Set to `true` to enable debug logging. | `false` |
    | `serverUrl` | The host to fetch flag configurations from. | `https://api.lab.amplitude.com` |
    | `bootstrap` | Bootstrap the client with an array of flag key to flag configuration | `[]` |
    | `assignmentConfig` | Configuration for automatically tracking assignment events after an evaluation. | `null` |

    **AssignmentConfig**

    | <div class="big-column">Name</div> | Description | Default Value |
    | --- | --- | --- |

>     | `apiKey` | The analytics API key and NOT the experiment deployment key | *required* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `apiKey` | The analytics API key. Not to be confused with the experiment deployment key. | *required* |
```

>     | `cacheCapacity` | The maximum number of assignments stored in the assignment cache | `65536` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `cacheCapacity` | The maximum number of assignments stored in the assignment cache. | `65536` |
```

>     | `flushQueueSize` | Events wait in the buffer and are sent in a batch. The buffer is flushed when the number of events reaches `flushQueueSize`. | `200` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `flushQueueSize` | Events wait in the buffer and are sent in a batch. Experiment flushes the buffer when the number of events reaches the `flushQueueSize`. | `200` |
```

Executes the [evaluation logic](../general/evaluation/implementation.md) using the flags fetched on [`start()`](#start). Give `evaluate()` a user object argument. Optionally pass an array of flag keys if you require only a specific subset of required flag variants.

!!!tip "Automatic Assignment Tracking"

>     Set [`assignmentConfig`](#configuration_1) to automatically track an assignment event to Amplitude when `evaluate()` is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Set [`assignmentConfig`](#configuration_1) to automatically track an assignment event to Amplitude when you call `evaluate()`.
```
